because me drawing lathy with my first
Lego how to build video yeah
so I'm gonna show you how to make a lego
me to start a store I mean I mean I look
mini lego superstar story these are the
pieces your need we need like view these
till these
or these
zooming over
here these one of the user can be like
any color this one of these
at one 2x4 flat now this piece I'm sorry
about this but I cannot get them piece
the black piece off so yeah it's like a
little um butter thing yeah that um
you're gonna need like um for these and
toast go for change on things really
like did and yeah again I'm sorry about
this
so yeah okay let's get started
first you take your to these the room do
this
and next okay all right I also need the
space
I think I'm sorry Joe next you take this
and put it anywhere on the bottom
so yeah next you take this and you put
it right here
next you can like it this I just put
this on for a decoration you don't know
why just got over
next you can like for this you don't
start it can be any color
if
you can like
what this right here
put this right
here
in
there
this here
and for this wicked and you got to
suffer major stars door
I'm a miniature super sure sure
thanks for watching please comment rate
and subscribe